My background.
My history is very normal almost as if I was supposed to be the self insert or basically character you are supposed to be connected to in a movie.
I had both my parents and a few brothers due to being the middle child I ended up at some point being seen as the smart one. I don't remember why this title got applied to me but it did.
Since I was young I of course wanted to hold true to this standard partly out of a legitimate interest, pride and sibling rivalry.
Eventually I started taking programming classes in high school and honestly loved it, after that I figured computer science would be a great career for me.
My college choice
Now of course the start of my cs career in college could be completely different due to at first planning to go to ucf. I had a few other schools in the running but none could compare my mind was set.
At this point in time I didn't even truly consider iit it was mostly for my father who liked the school. All that changed when I went to ucf, the heat was too much I could barely walk 10 minutes without melting.
While the uncontrollable heat was bad it wasn't the deal breaker but it put iit in the running, an illinois boy like me can not survive in florida. Then I went to iit and I was amazed, the history of the place,
the structure of the buildings, the powerful people who went there, the not 90 degree weather. I fell in love and decided I had to go to iit.
 My time at IIT before Now
 My iit career is much less interesting than the history of how I got here unfortunately. The classes I took were more based on what would best prepare me for my future.
 I didn't care about the teacher or subject as much as that it would help me reach my credits. This changed due to two seperate events, well more three.
 I was hit with two big blows in one semester when I didn't look into my teachers that semester, I got a teacher which I really liked as a person. But man the class was unbelievable I have
 never seen more than half the class leave a required course before and the sight was truly sudden. Mainly due to a much bigger event which was my car accident. The thursday after halloween I was walking to wake up for a midterm
 but suddenly when I was going for breakfast a car wasn't paying attention, I was run over being knocked into the grass I didn't know what was broken and too afraid to move anything, I just called for help in this numb sense of shock.
 I was unable to show up for many of the remaining classes that summer due to my leg, and luckily only my leg being destroyed. I learned how much carefully picking my teachers mattered as I was in the hospital bed worried over what I was missing.
 In much much less severe changes the next time was when I decided to take 2 math classes and a physics class in the same semester. All the formulas were truly overwhelming making preparing for any test a huge struggle, so now I am much more careful.
 My aspirations
 For this class I have a few major goals. One of them being to learn how to properly build a website which would greatly help my portfolio and job hunting.
 As well as give me a basic understanding on proper ui in all areas. With this it would help me with solo projects that would help with hackathons.
 So in general I will be able to make a better website and make better ui for my own coding.
